anything you're doing
all right yeah hey you keep it moving if
we gentle with that my skin is right
under there
what do you think you're going
hey I think you're going you know I keep
trying to show that you go across and
you're doing everything but that but
what I say but what I say you do you
keep doing everything but that I just
want to grab your head oh look at that
powder ah you powdery little thing you
know that powder you just powder poof
poofy powdery coke
all right well looks like we're getting
closer to going
just got busted did you hear bandit lock
no it sounds like me but that was him
who was that funny
normally bandit well here's another lie
for you when I go oh he'll start to
mimic it and he'll go like hi
Oh
I feel like every time doing this all by
myself you're not even going in
well you see does a little head movement
Wow hey Kenny beauty you
little face - go ahead
feathers cute little body
Hey
blah
freakin love you you you you